it's Saturday in the world cafe we could
have the match of the tournament so for
germany vs argentina followed by
paraguay spain a great saturday from
south africa to say the video and you're
a man origin Tina what can we expect
here minutes two of the hottest I mean
this is the same number one which would
be aware be final tonight I mean to to
the forum sites I mean Germany to me
about the two most convincing
performances the four nailed against
Australia all right so Lee Australia but
Australia drew 1-1 with garnet and
gunner in the last eight and be with ten
men being a useful Syrian side here and
then England the dismissal of England
therefore one I mean they live empty
with the two performances for me and it
can take that fall into this game and I
can't seem to be Argentina but I know
what johnny is like is hard for English
Englishman of course I rich and I to
know quite who to cheer on Argentina or
Germany but i think the army recent
head-to-heads again the argentine 18
germany won five of the big five drawers
and even at this world cup their forms
almost inseparable argentina by five
yellow cards germs about seven the
argentinian to school 10 the germs of
scored nine i would personally say that
some of those are being weak goals but
most on both sides have been very tight
at about they've only conceded to so I
mean to me they're almost impossible to
separate but I I don't know the merit of
the win against England we were just an
absolute shambles so what do you read
into that they beat us for one well done
to them but can only beat what's in
place eat what's in front when they did
it extremely well yeah I mean the
Argentine win over Mexico that my
flattered a little bit me
the Pierce girl was definitely off site
and you know that bad bad defensive area
custom and Mexico noise up against a
team under to the artists and car dealer
I've got them and I think what we're all
hoping for is a high scoring match here
i'm going throw over two and a half
goals and do 202 I think we'd all love
that the playmaker all little bitch yeah
we're messy talent of show overs ill
it's fantastic let's hope for a flooring
that the airport chance there's an
interesting market we're there which
incorporates goals and corners you
multiply the number of corners in the
match multiplied by the number of goals
in the hair chemical so on average
between argentina had 28 and jim lee 22
corner sofa which works at 12.5 so if
you say there's gonna be two goals there
we attack it did dead on 25 they won
over twenty five and a half which is
2.25 huh now then so you need 13 corners
and two goals and you've got that yeah
if we say these three goals where you
hadn't need any corners so a nice
flowing gaming / 2.25 on that particular
marketing goals x combs imagining burger
be quite if it's the tie game that we
think it might be done and it does go to
extra time it's anyone's guess but if it
went to a penalty shooter you wouldn't
necessarily be back in against the
Germans we know their record is amazing
you'd run anyone like 15 lost one the
Argentineans of 16 lottery yeah could be
and it's something I can happen exactly
like Argentina need messy as well I need
mexi wait where are you going to smoke
somehow he did look did Mike interest
you know I always seen him at all Greece
snuffle they made yeah he didn't get a
sniff there so you know they need messy
and if they don't if he doesn't perform
I think generally just have enough yet
did you just need a solid if France
Germany then I think they have a real
chance and I'm doubt for a lot mattress
activity be close to 15 to qualify over
or not you're 90 very slow and 10 on
Jimmy penalties that's a good one did we
be greeting for short paraguay spain
spain is quite clear favorite here 150
yeah it's nothing they shouldn't we any
of you whatever they've done paraguay
I've done ever so well just to get to
this stage but they me and they've been
incredibly impressed i'm entering at 14
and absolutely they burn they've scored
three goals and how they have
independent this yeah absolutely under
pressure they were amazing they've only
could sink in one goal in normal time
during this World Cup so they're very
well disciplined it's not easy to be I
don't think a sponsor finding that easy
to me right now no I don't unreason
head-to-heads well Spain at 11 the big
two drawers so not much to go on there
so maybe extra time units rented not
maybe after a long time yes that's a
real possibility and you know as we've
seen if it was then to go to a penalty
shootout the paratwa to prove that
they're more than capable in love
fantastic i thought the last one from
Cardozo against the japanese was just so
cheeky but they just showed how well he
can perform under that sort of pressure
and they've got nothing to lose and when
he does get to that twitchy stage you
know the twitchiness is definitely on
spain isn't as a lot more pressure on
the spanish series FPS you might tell me
with no tourists or ideas scored four
goals and you know and he'll be popular
on the first off school and market but
you know virtually relying on the one go
yeah so I'm you know the fall against
switzerland the loss to Switzerland
Switzerland we're very good after that
no and going Paraguay they only drew one
more mile Italy we saw I won't feel it
everywhere yeah I'm the nil nil wit news
even so the form lines don't work too
clever from both know and then I think
what could change the makeup of the game
as if there was an utterly Spanish goal
it'd be very interesting to see then
what happens to the paranoia you'd like
to see Paraguay all that for the first
half yeah and as I could have an
interesting game Yuri looks like we're
scored then we would have another like
just exactly yeah that would be some
maybe Rockies article girls or Hannah
hey also hey check out her out rifles
Brazil 350 Spain 360 and Argentina five
in Germany 7 50 grand something to suit
up half the length of the Argentine
really if we still gotta get Australia
it is so it's pointing towards
preserving my heart I think we are
heading towards them behind us and we
bring out the me we'll see at us sharing
for the message okay see you soon Gladys
gotta choose
stop me